README.md, before:

# JavaScript Enhancements

**JavaScript Enhancements** is a plugin for **Sublime Text 3**.

I'm implementing new features thanks to **[Flow](https://github.com/facebook/flow)** (javascript static type checker from Facebook).

This is in **Beta version**. 

I'm going to **release** a first testable version these days, so **WATCH** the repository to stay tuned for any news!

It will offer not only a better **javascript autocomplete** but a lot of features about creating, 
developing and managing **javascript projects**, such as:

- Cordova projects (run cordova emulate, build, compile, serve, etc. directly from Sublime Text!)
- Ionic v1 and v2 projects (same as Cordova projects!)
- Angular v1 and v2 projects
- React projects
- Express projects
- Yeoman generators
- Local bookmarks project
- JavaScript real-time errors
- etc.

You could use it also in **existing projects** (see the [Wiki](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/wiki))!

It will turn Sublime Text into a **JavaScript IDE** like!

This project is based on my other Sublime Text plugin [JavaScript Completions](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScript-Completions)

**Note**: 
If you want use this plugin, you may want **uninstall/disable** the **JavaScript Completions** plugin, if installed.

## OS supported now

- Linux (64-bit)
- Mac OS X 

## Dependencies

In order to work properly, this plugin has some dependencies:

- **Sublime Text 3** (build **3124** or newer)
- **Node.js** and **npm** ([nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org) or [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm))
- **TerminalView** sublime text plugin ([TerminalView](https://github.com/Wramberg/TerminalView)) 

**Not required**, but **useful** for typescript files (Flow wont work on this type of files):

- **TypeScript** sublime text plugin ([TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript-Sublime-Plugin)) 

### Flow Requirements

It will use [Flow](https://github.com/facebook/flow) for type checking and auto-completions.

- Mac OS X
- Linux (64-bit)
- Windows (64-bit)

You can find more information about Flow on [flow.org](https://flow.org)

## Installation

~~With [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io/):~~

~~- Run “Package Control: Install Package” command or click to the `Preferences > Package Control` menu item, find and install `JavaScript Enhancements` plugin.~~

Manually:

- Download [latest release](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/releases) and unzip it into your **Packages folder** (go to `Preferences > Browse Packages...` menu item to open this folder)

## Usage
[Wiki](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/wiki) in progress.

## Quick Overview

### Auto-completions
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1NZYWq4kOx9l93zxN7A9TEMUv0VcLfWrt&export=download)

### Errors
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1r8IDItL03tPFwCCsTIdW54rRpascnHAF&export=download)

### Projects with terminal ([TerminalView](https://github.com/Wramberg/TerminalView)) 
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1gmC6GROJXyhV8DZTHw8Zw_KGlB13g_bL&export=download)
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1Y0NS1eb8aFoxhdn75JLoGgZMPPpqld3Z&export=download)
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1lHXQGN3CoV5-IHAoesEmkiJBjnpU2Lxf&export=download)

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/wiki) for complete examples and the other **features**.

## Support

Email me for any questions or doubts about this project on: [pichillilorenzo@gmail.com](mailto:pichillilorenzo@gmail.com)

### Feature request/enhancement

For feature requests or them enhancement, please open an issue with the corresponding label.

### Donation

If this project help you reduce time to develop and also you like it, please support it with a donation :smile::thumbsup:. Thanks!

[![paypal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.me/LorenzoPichilli)
<a href="https://opencollective.com/javascriptenhancements/donate" target="_blank">
  <img alt="opencollective" src="https://opencollective.com/javascriptenhancements/donate/button@2x.png?color=blue" width=300 />
</a>

## License

_MIT License_

Commit message:

fix problems on_hover_description, updated README.md, first version testable v0.1.0 released

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Enhancements

**JavaScript Enhancements** is a plugin for **Sublime Text 3**.

This plugin uses **[Flow](https://github.com/facebook/flow)** (javascript static type checker from Facebook) under the hood.

This is in **Beta** version for testing. 

It offers better **javascript autocomplete** and also a lot of features about creating, developing and managing **javascript projects**, such as:

- Cordova projects (run cordova emulate, build, compile, serve, etc. directly from Sublime Text!)
- Ionic v1 and v2 projects (same as Cordova projects!)
- Angular v1 and v2 projects
- React projects
- Express projects
- Yeoman generators
- Local bookmarks project
- JavaScript real-time errors
- etc.

You could use it also in **existing projects** (see the [Wiki](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/wiki))!

It turns Sublime Text into a **JavaScript IDE** like!

This project is based on my other Sublime Text plugin [JavaScript Completions](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScript-Completions)

**Note**: 
If you want use this plugin, you may want **uninstall/disable** the **JavaScript Completions** plugin, if installed.

## OS supported now

- Linux (64-bit)
- Mac OS X 

## Dependencies

In order to work properly, this plugin has some dependencies:

- **Sublime Text 3** (build **3124** or newer)
- **Node.js** and **npm** ([nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org) or [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm))
- **TerminalView** sublime text plugin ([TerminalView](https://github.com/Wramberg/TerminalView)) 

**Not required**, but **useful** for typescript files (Flow wont work on this type of files):

- **TypeScript** sublime text plugin ([TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript-Sublime-Plugin)) 

### Flow Requirements

It will use [Flow](https://github.com/facebook/flow) for type checking and auto-completions.

- Mac OS X
- Linux (64-bit)
- Windows (64-bit)

You can find more information about Flow on [flow.org](https://flow.org)

## Installation

With [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io/):

- Run “Package Control: Install Package” command or click to the `Preferences > Package Control` menu item, find and install `JavaScript Enhancements` plugin.

Manually:

- Download [latest release](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/releases) and unzip it into your **Packages folder** (go to `Preferences > Browse Packages...` menu item to open this folder)

## Usage
[Wiki](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/wiki) in progress.

## Quick Overview

### Auto-completions
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1NZYWq4kOx9l93zxN7A9TEMUv0VcLfWrt&export=download)

### Errors
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1r8IDItL03tPFwCCsTIdW54rRpascnHAF&export=download)

### Projects with terminal ([TerminalView](https://github.com/Wramberg/TerminalView)) 
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1gmC6GROJXyhV8DZTHw8Zw_KGlB13g_bL&export=download)
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1Y0NS1eb8aFoxhdn75JLoGgZMPPpqld3Z&export=download)
![](https://drive.google.com/uc?authuser=0&id=1lHXQGN3CoV5-IHAoesEmkiJBjnpU2Lxf&export=download)

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/pichillilorenzo/JavaScriptEnhancements/wiki) for complete examples and the other **features**.

## Support

Email me for any questions or doubts about this project on: [pichillilorenzo@gmail.com](mailto:pichillilorenzo@gmail.com)

### Feature request/enhancement

For feature requests or them enhancement, please open an issue with the corresponding label.

### Donation

If this project help you reduce time to develop and also you like it, please support it with a donation :smile::thumbsup:. Thanks!

[![paypal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.me/LorenzoPichilli)
<a href="https://opencollective.com/javascriptenhancements/donate" target="_blank">
  <img alt="opencollective" src="https://opencollective.com/javascriptenhancements/donate/button@2x.png?color=blue" width=300 />
</a>

## License

_MIT License_
